blue is for red paper for yellow plastic for metal evd for
information such as these were passed on to the children who attended the
presentation of the pair of cheeky mouth cheeks in the non-play
upset nothing
It's a camera that you think you can send a message to.
here and preserve planet earth best efficient way contracted is so
by means of the art of the death boom the pair of humorists of the city of varginha
the environmental preservation message for children of no
denying the bark and the pope can help
now you're going to eat
there is no way it is a way to end the idea of ​​fia in this same
so when the child stops my dad down rihanna
staying out of the debut of the mere joke behind him is now with
help protect the planet all these messages also received by the
children
who are aware of their role in preserving the planet - if they play
in season
to finish
How are you part of the tour?
with this region
the entire length of the line
the presentation and involves a lot of interactivity with the children
who took home the messages only the proposal that the patient
gave the children entrance
and that besides innovating holy work pass that presence of the athletes
that this work continues to grow to what extent
we are presenting the double equation pr was made possible by means of
a partnership between our club
and small-scale recycling company according to the environmental analyst
company representative and other experiences this project has already
results and we have to always have pressure but there is anemic work
training and leave with the good receptivity of the children for the
subject matter
the expectation of the board is to implement the selective collection in the school we always
we work on this issue of the requested documents
Our June party was set up.
as all recycled material is being worked on is already part of a
project that is already under way in the current era seems always to be
for more work